This printing of The Book of Lost Spells is done under version 1.0a of the of the Open Game License, below, and by license from Mythmere Games and Necromancer Games.
Notice of Open Game Content: This product contains Open Game Content, as defined in version 1.0a of the Open Game License, below (the "Open Game License"). Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of the Open Game License.
Designation of Open Game Content: Other than as set forth in the declaration of Product Identity, below, all text contained within this product (including monster names, stats, and descriptions) is hereby designated as Open Game Content, with the following exceptions:
1. Any text on the inside or outside of the front or back cover or on the Credits or Preface pages is not Open Game Content;
2. Any advertising material - including the text of any advertising material - is not Open Game Content;
3. Any material contained in the "Credit" section of each monster is not Open Game Content. See the "Note on the 'Credit' Section," below;
Use of Content from Tome of Horrors Series: This product contains or references content from the Tome of Horrors Revised, Tome of Horrors II and Tome of Horrors III by Necromancer Games, Inc. Such content is used by permission. Further, some content reprinted here from the original Tome of Horrors and/or Tome of Horrors Revised contains content owned by Wizards of the Coast and is used under the Open Game License.
Designation of Product Identity: The following items are hereby designated as Product Identity as provided in section 1(e) of the Open Game License:
Any and all material or content that could be claimed as Product Identity pursuant to section 1(e), below, is hereby claimed as product identity, including but not limited to:
1. The name "Necromancer Games" and "Frog God Games" as well as all logos and identifying marks of Necromancer Games, Inc. and Frog God Games, including but not limited to the Orcus logo and the phrase "Fifth Edition Rules, First Edition Feel" as well as the trade dress of Necromancer Games products and similar logos, identifying phrases and trade dress of Frog God Games;
2. The product name Quests of Doom Volume 1, Fifth Edition Foes, Tome of Horrors, Tome of Horrors Revised, Tome of Horrors II, Tome of Horrors III and Tome of Horrors Complete by Necromancer Games, Inc. as well as any and all Necromancer Games Inc. and/or Frog God Games product names referenced in the work;
3. All artwork, illustration, graphic design, maps, and cartography, including any text contained within such artwork, illustration, maps or cartography;
4. The proper names, personality, descriptions and/or motivations of all artifacts, characters, races, countries, geographic locations, plane or planes of existence, gods, deities, events, magic items, organizations and/or groups unique to this book, but not their stat blocks or other game mechanic descriptions (if any), and also excluding any such names when they are included in monster, spell or feat names, and also excluding any of the foregoing if the material is already Open Game Content;
5. Any other content previously designated as Product Identity is hereby designated as Product Identity and is used with permission and/or pursuant to license.
6. All logos and identifying marks of Mythmere Games and Matthew J. Finch, any trade dress, identifying words or phrases of Mythmere Games or Matthew J. Finch products and similar logos;
OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a) "Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b) "Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d) "Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity; (e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures; characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor; (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content; (h) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.
3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content.
5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.
10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.
12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.
14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0a Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.
System Reference Document Copyright 2000. Wizards of the Coast, Inc; Authors Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
Pathfinder RPG Core Rulebook Copyright 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author: Jason Bulmahn, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.
The Book of Experimental Might Copyright 2008, Monte J. Cook. All rights reserved.
Tome of Horrors Copyright 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene, with Clark Peterson, Erica Balsley, Kevin Baase, Casey Christofferson, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Patrick Lawinger, and Bill Webb; Based on original content from TSR.
Original Spell Name Compendium, Copyright 2002 Clark Peterson; based on NPC-named spells from the Player's Handbook that were renamed in the System Reference Document. The Compendium can be found on the legal page of www.necromancergames.com.
Eldritch Sorcery Copyright 2005, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors Patrick Lawinger, Scott Greene, and David Mannes, with Erica Balsley, Chris Bernhardt, Casey W. Christofferson, Bill Collins, Jim Collura, Chad Coulter, Patrick Goulah, Skeeter Green, Jeff Harkness, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Richard Hughes, Robert Hunter, Al Krombach, Rob Mason, Matt McGee, Clark Peterson, Michael Proteau, Greg Ragland, Gary Schotter, Joe Walmsley, and Bill Webb.
Creature Collection Copyright 2001, Clark Peterson
Creature Collection 2: Dark Menagerie Copyright 2001, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Mithril: City of the Golem Copyright 2001, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Hollowfaust: City of Necromancers Copyright 2001, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The Divine and the Defeated Copyright 2001, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Burok Torn: City Under Siege Copyright 2002, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Vigil Watch: Warrens of the Ratmen Copyright 2002, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Secrets and Societies Copyright 2002, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Scarred Lands Campaign Setting: Ghelspad Copyright 2002, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
If Thoughts Could Kill Copyright 2002, Bruce R. Cordell. All Right Reserved
Relics and Rituals 2: Lost Lore Copyright 2002, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Relics & Rituals: Excalibur Copyright 2005, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Relics & Rituals: Olympus Copyright 2004, White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The Book of Lost Spells Copyright 2015 Frog God Games LLC
