File		Status
_______________________________________________________
biosettings.lst	All races setup have to tweek agedierolls for Age groups 0,1,
		and expecially 2(no work)

class.lst	Skill Focus(Knowledge) for Academic Auto feat needs added.
		have to setup skill focus to work right with the professional class.
		
equip.lst	have to check out how to utilize tech level.
		Weapon Proficency feats not working right under 5.3.9 - work fine under 5.5.7
		Snub Pistol needs 6 shot version.
		Tech Levels are in place for all weapons and equipment.
		First Aid Kits need Medical DC Modifier added.
		TL1 Equipment Cold weather clothing needs +5 circumstance bonus added.
		TL2 Equipment Handcuffs need fleshed out.
		TL5 Equipment Field Medical Kit needs Medical DC Modifier added.
		Need to add Accessories for weapons.
		Need to evaluate Medicine and Biotechnology in Chapter 11 for addition to lst file.
		Need to evaluate Drugs in Chapter 11 for addition to lst file.
		Need to evaluate Cybertechnology in Chapter 11 for addition to lst file.

equipweapammo.lst
		Have to fix weight stats for PGMP-14 and FGMP-15 due to gravity generators.
		have to add Non-Standard ammunition.
feats.lst	All Feat names entered - need to get working
		most feats have prereq's entered only feats that have an "or" clause have a problem.
		Skill Focus(Outdoor Survival) for Barbarian class needs to be setup.
		Skill Focus(Knowledge) for Academic class needs to be set up.
		Skill Focus(Prospecting) for Academic class needs to be set up.
		evaluate ACE, TASFR and BigGH feats for inclusion into Special catagory.
		Vessel Groups need expanding.

		Feats Needing Work: (Feat needs setup if blank, otherwise work needed is listed)	
		Acting Prodigy - no stacking with the Performance Prodigy feat.
		Advanced Knowledge - needs Fixed to work as stated.
		Animal Specialization - needs linked to species specialization 
					and Apropriate animals only applies under 
					certain circumstances		
		Brawling - code
		Command Presence - Does not stack with Natral Born Leader
		Connections - flesh out better
		Cross Training - need to code
		Far Shot - make sure it works right
		First Aid - check that it works right
		Geological Survey - have to evaluate the P/Survey benefit
		Heavy Gravity Adaptation - have to setup exclude if have Zero G Adaptation.
		Hobby - setup and code.
		Jack of all Trades- code
		Martial Training - BAB based on character levels /4
		Medical Specialization - need to make a cascade list for it
		Mounted Accuracy - need to look at how to do
		Narrow Escape - check for posible coding - may be ready now.
		Natural Talent - deals with PSI set up.
		Noble Indignance - set stat switch up for skills.
		Noble Presence - set stat switch up for skills.
		Outdoor Survival - only applies under certain circumstances 
				 - needs untrained skills setup. 
		Patronage - set up correctly.
		Precise Shot -code
		Primary Military Occupational Specialty - code
		Professional Specialty - need to fix Proffessional to use correctly
		PSI Training
		Related Field of Study - choose skill and make it a permanent Class Skill
		Self-Reliance - need to setup the ability to treat any tech skill as Untrained.
		Sniper - Check
		Species Specialization  - needs Apropriate General categorys of animals.
					- only applies under certain circumstances
		Toughness - add 1 lifeblood point in addition to 3 stamina(HP)
		Vessel Feats now give Class Skill for driving or Pilot.
		Weapon Feats now give Class Skills for Gunnery when Appropriate

		Feats that applies only under certain circumstances:
		3D Spatial Awareness - only applies under certain circumstances
		Academic Lecture - only applies under certain circumstances
		Advanced Research - only applies under certain circumstances
		Animal Whisperer - only applies under certain circumstances
		Calculating Eye - only applies under certain circumstances
		Contact Specialist  - only applies under certain circumstances
		Hacker - only applies under certain circumstances
		Junkyard Dog - only applies under certain circumstances
		Mental Discipline - only applies under certain circumstances
		Nerves of Steel - only applies under certain circumstances
		Override Ship Security - only applies under certain circumstances	
		Personal Vessel - only applies under certain circumstances
		Pseudo Eidetic Memory - only applies under certain circumstances
		Research - only applies under certain circumstances
		Technophobia - only applies under certain circumstances
		Tolerance - Aslan Only (Done)
		Toughness - add 1 lifeblood point in addition to 3 stamina(HP)
		Vessel Specialization - only applies under certain circumstances		

languages.lst	All Languages Entered From Traveller's Handbook. Done as is.
		All languages set to Spoken.Written.Read

MTlanguages.lst	Languages from alien modules - from sevarian		
		All languages set to Spoken.Written.Read except Classical Vilani which is set to
		Written.Read

MTmods.pcc	have to modify the Aslan race to use native Language from MTlanguages.lst

races.lst	Have all PC races in book.
		LifeBlood updates only takes place after reloading character Sheets.
		if REACH:1.5 is entered then it will not load.Using REACH:1 until fixed.
		Luriani Skill bonus needs added
		Luriani dive ability ? showing
		Luriani Will and Fortitude bonus needs added.
		Vargr +1 BAB with CLAW and Bite added - using Natral weapons type.
		Vargr Prestige Score needs added
		Aslan -2 WIS for Males - added but works funny seems to apply to both sexes
		then the female gets back the 2 points as Other adjustments.
		Aslan Limit Classes by sex needs added
		Aslan Bonus Combat Move 18m needs added
		Aslan +1 BAB when attacking with Dewclaw added - using Natral weapons type.
		Fixed -2 to Virushi DEX should have been +2 to DEX.
		
skills.lst	Traveller skills added - all SDR Skills not on traveller list commented out, 
		Untrained Skills are marked and so are Exclusive skills. 
		* 	Setup Entertain cascade - need to fix musical instruments.
		Have to add Masterwork Musical Instrument circumstance bonus for Entertain.
		*	Set up Craft skills Forgery, Leader, and Pilot to use 3 skills the first skill showes in the 
			GUI and the other 2 on the OS
		*	Set Up knowledge cascade - fleshed out Well.
			Some Examples may still need to be added.
		* 	Technical cascade looks good
		*	Opened up all profession from SRD except Driver and Siege Engineer.
		-NOTE : Craft Skills are Untrained=YES in the THB - We have them set to NO
		Added Gunsmithing, Painting, Pottery, Sculpture, Weaponsmithing, Woodworking to craft cascade 
		Also Added SRD craft skills to craft cascade.
		Synergy Checks are done except for special circumstances.
		*	 Driving and Pilot have prefeat requirements for vessel Type.

Templates.lst	Have Tech Level Groups entered.
		Have world trade classifications entered.
		feats from homeworld setup.
		still working on homeworld skills.
		have Homeworld skills entered.
		- Problem: will only give skill once even if chosen twice.


weapprofs.lst	entered all Weapons in book - done. 

T20.pcc		changed gamemode to T20 after setting up that game mode
		Added templates.lst for templates.